# TB_classification from chest X-ray Images.
Early detection of Tuberculosis or TB can help in mitigating the chances of affecting the other body parts like the kidney, spine and brain, thereby reducing the death rate due to this disease. However, manual diagnosis by radiologists using Chest X-rays may include human error. Therefore, researchers have been trying hard to develop a computerized decision support system for efficient detection of TB from Chest X-ray images. In this work, we have proposed a model for screening TB using Chest X-ray images where the decisions from three base learners are combined using the Sugeno fuzzy type-1 integral based ensemble technique. Fuzzy measures required in this fuzzy integral based ensemble method are set experimentally in many state-of-the-art works. To overcome such manual tuning, we have used meta-heuristic optimization algorithms to set the fuzzy measures optimally during the training process of the model. The performance of the ensemble technique on the validation set is considered as the decider of the optimal fuzzy measures. Prior to applying the ensemble method, we have used three state-of-the-art deep learning models as the base learners- DenseNet121, VGG19 and ResNet50, each pre-trained on ImageNet dataset. We have evaluated the proposed method on a new and publicly available TB dataset consisting of Chest X-ray images, and we have observed that the obtained results (irrespective of the optimizer used) have outperformed state-of-the-art methods.  
